Update revenue_report.md (#7529)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/reporting/revenue_report.md

    - (Optional) Revenue per Hour By Segment
- Revenue per User

## Understanding revenue calculations

- *Lifetime revenue* is the total `PurchaseEvents` `price` value (in USD) received since inception. 
- *Lifetime value per user* is the *Lifetime revenue* divided by your total *Users* (located on your **Home** page).

> - Average *Daily revenue* is de-duplicated from campaigns and Canvases.

Reviewer: This is correct, though do customers know what "de-duplicated" means in this context? We could just say "daily revenue" is the sum of the campaign and canvas revenue for a given day

> - Average *Daily revenue* is de-duplicated from campaigns and Canvases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Average *Daily revenue* is the sum of the campaign and Canvas revenue for a given day.
```

> - Average *Daily Purchases* is the total unique `PurchaseEvents` received each day.

Reviewer: The definitions all look correct here. Should this line say it's the _average_ of "the total unique `PurchaseEvents`" over the time period?

> - Average *Daily Purchases* is the total unique `PurchaseEvents` received each day.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *Daily Purchases* is the average of the total unique `PurchaseEvents` over the time period.
```
